If you hadn't hit my mom with your car
It also generates industry
I don't know anything.
Your unfamiliar white-eyed wolf
Our Qin family worked hard to raise you
Is that how you treat us?
It's a crime
Yo sister is also here
I heard a lot from my mother that you proposed marriage. This is congratulations.
Mr. Qi, you are here
I heard from Xiaoxuan that you plan to hold an engagement party tomorrow
Yes Mrs. D
Although it is indeed in a hurry
But Xiaoxuan and I both want to get married as soon as possible
I'm here today to talk about the preparation for the wedding and the requirements for the bride price
We Xiaoxuan are kind-hearted and excellent
And Mr. Ji, this is a match made in heaven for a talented woman and a beautiful woman
Both in name and wealth
I don't want our Xiaoxuan to be wronged.
In terms of this bride price?
I wish there was some protection
Don't worry for many people.
I will definitely not be wronged by God.
I had a hard time finding him
I will definitely get to know him doubly
I will give 10 million as a dowry
After we get married
The shares of the sacrificial group will be transferred to the small life
This Gu Yiming gave 5 million bride price again
In the play, Yinchuan is the richest man
How to give 10 million
That's too little.
Thank you for the 10 million bride price
I'm afraid it won't satisfy my parents' appetite